Businesses all over the world are realising the need to get focused on catering to their customers from different economies and social strata for sustainable business success. In this endeavor, they are compelled to come up with innovation and design marketing strategies that are inclusive in nature and also profitable. This scenario implies that companies need to be equipped with information systems that can assist them in discovering the information about product and services in need of innovation and the areas that can benefit with development and introduction of new product and services. Thus enabling decision making that ensures retention of current customer base and acquisition of new customers. 
The idea presented here builds on latest available literature on Business Intelligence (BI) systems and frugal, reverse and sustainable innovations for builing a Business Intelligence solution for reverse innovation. 
Finally, the idea presents a conceptual model for a Business Intelligence (BI) system based on business intelligence system success model, project management and reverse innovation concepts. This idea provides a platform to all managers at various levels in the organization to gain insight and monitor thier project for attaining success in business through their innovation ventures, marketing plans and strategies in the interconnected world while ensuring sutainability of their business. The finding will also serve as a road map for software development team developing Business Intelligence solution for reverse innovation.
The system model for business intelligence solution for reverse innovation has three levels. The first level will address the requirements or BI capabilities for business intelligence system. At the second level will address project management requiremnts. And at the third level will address is the measure for successful BI system for reverse innovation. 
The assumption which follows from review of literature is that a BI system for reverse innovation success would constitute measures for defining reverse innovation success, measures for project management for innovation and measures required for BI capabilities for data processing and visualization. This system would have required integration for processes and technology for smooth functioning upon implementation.
